Adding a (not so) basic users guide (#89)
RfidResearchGroup/ChameleonUltra: docs/home.md

# Chameleon Ultra Guide

This guides goal is to guide you through setting up and using your Chameleon Ultra and Lite.

This Guide is split up into multiple "subguides":

- ["Hardware"](./hardware.md) Learn to know the hardware of your Chameleon

- ["Firmware"](./firmware.md) Your Chameleon runs a firmware, learn what it can do and how to use it

- ["CLI"](./cli.md) The official way to control your Chameleon is via the **C**ommand **L**ine **I**nterface (CLI) . Learn how to install and master the CLI.

> - ["GUIs"](./gui.md) Some people also develop **G**raphical **U**ser **I**nterfaces (GUIs), theese may be a good start for people that dont want to deal with a CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ["GUIs"](./gui.md) Some people also develop **G**raphical **U**ser **I**nterfaces (GUIs), theese may be a good start for people that do not want to deal with a CLI.
```
